Vipas Chantrapanichkul 6538192921

What is this project?
    This project is an AI-based board game featuring two players, "A" and "B",
    who compete on an 8x8 grid. The game's goal is for each player to collect as many coins as possible "*", 
    strategically placed on the grid. The project includes a guessing gameplay which make the user can enjoy the gameplay
    and excited with the outcome of the competing two bot.

What does this project demonstrate?

    Minimax Algorithm: 
        The core AI of this project uses the Minimax algorithm with alpha-beta pruning to determine the best moves
        for each player based on current game states. This algorithm is fundamental in game theory for decision-making 
        processes in zero-sum games.

    Gameplay Interface:
        The project features a user-friendly gameplay interface that allows users to interact 
        with the game by guessing the winner and watch the gameplay move by move.

Thought Process and Function Description:
    __init__:

        This function have a role to initialize and set everything in the game such as game state, setting up board
        players, scores, coins. Basically, set everything to default. There is a case where the randomly placed coin 
        is in the same spot as the player A or B so, this function ensure that never going happen.

    place_coins: 
        This function is where the coin is randomly placeed on the board, ensuring they do not overlap 
        with player positions. It ensures each game can have a unique setup.

    update_board:
        This function is for updating board and pass to print_board function to visualize the board for every move 
        and every decision making of each player(A and B)

    print_board: 
        Outputs the current state of the board to the terminal, allowing the user to see every move on the board step by step. 
        This function is key for user interaction, allowing players to track the game's progress.

    available_moves: 
        Calculates every possible move for the player(A or B). There will be the case where player is in the coner
        which make the player have a less choice. This function is also essential for the Minimax algorithm to evaluate
        possible future states.

    make_move: 
        This function make move for a player and also updating the game state continuosly. It also handle the scoring
        when a coin is collected.

    is_terminal(END GAME FUNCTION):
        This function check if the game is in the final state or not(all coins are collected or no more valid move
        are available). This function decide when the game loop should end.

    utility_function:
        This function is the most important function in my opinion. It evaluate and return a score for particular state for player used by minimax
        The score is calculating by the distance between player and the nearest coin, distance between opponent and the nearest coin, and
        the score differnce between players.
        just like the heuristic value for the minimax. :]

    distance_to_nearest_coin: 
        Calculates the Manhattan distance from a player to the nearest coin, which is the part of calculation 
        that help run minimax.

    calculate_dynamic_depth: 
        Adjusts the depth of the Minimax algorithm based on the current complexity of the game,
        optimizing performance as the game progresses.

    minimax: 
        Implements the Minimax algorithm using alpha-beta pruning to enhance performance and also impletmenting 
        the dynamic depth which the depth will be set to 4 and decrease as the coins are collected.

        The reason:
            previously, I encounter with the inifinite loop. It happened within the midgame and endgame play, after struggling for
            full 4 day, I finally realize that my previous code has too much depth. It affected the minimax to overthinking and juke.
            so, when game state enter midgame or finalgame. I decrease the depth of searching to make the bot can end the game.